---
title: Jayne - Innocence Lost
---
This story begins in 1968 and relates how Jayne my first wife lost her innocence about sex and it's many ways to offer pure pleasure. She was a virgin when we met and had only had sex with me when we married one week after her 18th birthday, I was 22yrs old at this time. Jayne then was 5'6" tall with long auburn hair, large brown eyes and full lips, very attractive without being beautiful in the classic sense, but she had plenty of guys chasing her.

Mainly because she was very busty, 38c to be precise with a small waist and great legs, she looked very fuckable when she wore tight jeans or a mini skirt, which of course at the time in the mid sixties would be very short, just below pussy height was the current trend. Us boys would often get a flash of knickers when girls sat down, or the wind caught the skirts, as most of them were pleated and tended to lift in the wind. All in she was a very pretty, sexy girl with big tits, what more could a man ask for??

After our wedding everything went along nicely, we had a nearly new two bedroom house, nicely furnished with a small garden. We were both working, had no other commitments, so no financial worries and no children to look after, we could do what we wanted. At the time of this story we had been married about 6 months, so she was only just halfway through her 18th year.

Jayne had quickly found out she loved sex and would often have multiple orgasms so long as I could keep up with her. She quickly learned how to give blow jobs and loved having her tit's and pussy played with. She would often orgasm just from me playing with her tits and nipples alone without ever touching her pussy. She loved me to use my mouth and tongue on her highly sensitive clit. So even our sex life was good. I was more experienced than her but she was catching up fast.

Like all young couples we still went out with our groups of friends to clubs and parties. It was at one of the parties that Jane experienced her first time with another cock other than mine.

The party was being held at the home of some friends of ours, they had a big house and always converted their dining room with its wooden floor into a dance area by pushing the table against one wall. There was also a large front lounge set out with comfy armchairs and a large twin sofa corner unit in the corner facing the doorway. They also had five bedrooms, the only room out of bounds being their own bedroom. Most of the crowd there were in the 24 to 35yr age range, so Jayne was easily the youngest girl at the house and probably the least experienced sexually by a long way. I was very aware that a lot of the couples there had in the past swapped partners on a regular basis and had indulged in various group activities. In fact they were quite open about the whole thing and often hinted at what occurred between them all. After all this was the period of the swinging sixties with its sexual openness and experimentation.

We went because they always held great parties, they never expected us to play and there were other couples like us you didn't take part in the activities. We usually left well before the real action started, I wasn't sure of what Jayne's reaction would be if she was approached to participate, and we had never discussed if we would join in if asked.

The party had been underway for a couple of hours and we had been doing our usual thing, mingling with the others both together and on our own. As normal we had both danced together and with other people, the hostess Sue having a good feel of my cock during a couple of slow numbers, wanking me by grabbing it through my jeans and at one point even getting her hand inside my zip for a more intimate feel, I could feel her fingers running around the head before the number finished. I had to go to the bathroom to re-adjust my clothes afterwards. 

I was well aware that Jayne when dancing with some of the guys had often had her ass fondled and occasionally her tits through her top. She never told me about it, but I had noticed at parties when she was dancing and I was chatting. So far as I was concerned it was all just part of the heavy flirting that occurred during a lot of parties and was no problem.

After I left the bathroom and had returned to the dining room Jayne was not there so I wandered into the kitchen to find her, she wasn't there either. It was a warm night and the back door into the rear garden was open, their garden is quite large and enclosed by a high evergreen hedge with a high wall along one side. It had a nice lawn and a garage plus a big shed they kept tools and barbecue stuff in.

I went out to the garden as sometimes people would come out and sit on the patio chairs to take a breather and have some fresh air. I couldn't see anyone and was standing about 5 steps away from the house just outside of the light from the door when I heard a feminine gasp and some mumbling coming from the area against the side wall. Thinking the obvious that someone was having sex against the wall, not an unusual occurrence by the way, I walked quietly across the grass to stand under a small tree where I could see who it was. They were standing against the wall between the garage and the shed, basically hidden except that a street light the other side of the hedge behind me was throwing light into the area.

I was very surprised to see Jayne, I knew it was her as she had on her pale blue pleated mini skirt and her white T shirt top with the V neck, she was leaning against the wall but the bigger surprise was the two older guys standing either side of her. I knew them slightly and they were both thirty plus so compared to Jayne's 18yrs they would have been nearly twice her age.

She was standing between them with both arms raised and around their necks, her top was up above her tits, her left breast was exposed with her bra up above it and the other breast was in the process of being exposed as well. This was obviously what had caused her to gasp as the guy to her left was now sucking on her nipple. As I watched the other breast came into view and her right nipple was soon being caressed and nibbled making her gasp out load again. As I said before she has very sensitive nipples and loves having her tits and nipples played with, I knew her pussy would be wet from this sort of stimulation. I moved back against the hedge, right into its shadow so as not to be seen, I wanted to watch and find out just how far Jayne would let this go.

Jayne was now getting a bit louder as they suckled on her, she was using her fingers to grip their hair, pulling their heads down and pushing her breast's out as she became more excited. I also noticed that they were now running their fingers down over her hips and down towards the hem of her skirt, not a long journey but they didn't rush her, I think they knew she had never played at one of these parties before. Once at the hem they both started to lift it, their fingers now brushing her legs and moving slowly towards her knicker clad pussy. Jayne was taking deep breaths and her hands jerked as though to pull them away but just then one of them reached his goal and his hand cupped her pussy mound as a finger disappeared between her legs before being worked around and around her clit area. This brought another gasp from her as her hips started to move in opposition with his rubbing making the friction increase. They moved her legs apart to give themselves better access to what would now be a very wet pussy.

By now Jayne had her head thrown back, arching her breasts towards their hungry mouths as they sucked and nibbled even harder, getting her even more excited. I watched as her legs parted further to allow more access to her pussy. Knowing they had her nearing a peak they took the opportunity for one of them to drop to his knees, she had on a pair of 'G' string bikini type panties, the type which consisted of just two small triangles of cloth with tie up strings either side. He took the bows in his fingers and pulled them undone, they fell away from her body exposing her shaved pussy with just a small triangle of pubic hair on her mon's. He popped her knickers into a pocket and start to kiss her pussy mound, moving his hand between her legs as he did so. The other guy kept one of her arms around his neck, with his other hand he unbuttoned his jeans and eased down the zip, keeping up the nibbling and licking of her nipples. He now opened his jeans and pulled out quite an impressive cock, probably eight inches of throbbing heavily veined prick with a red mushroom head, it was rock hard and pointing up towards his belly as he eased his jeans down to just below his hairy balls. He now took Jayne's other hand and guided it down to his hard cock, closing her fingers around it. As Jayne felt the hard, hot member in her hand she grasped it eagerly and started wanking him. She was now becoming even more aroused as they kept up the massaging of her pussy and her nipples, her breath was coming in gasps and as I watched she had her first orgasm for them. Her knee's buckled and her legs spread wide as the guy at her feet slipped a finger up inside of her, using his hand to rub her clit as he finger fucked her. Jayne threw back her head, her body shaking as the orgasm tore through her, she had to bury her head in his shoulder to stop herself from screaming out as shudders racked her, holding on hard to his cock and wanking it.

Half of me wanted to walk across the lawn and stop what was happening to my wife, my hard cock wanted her to be fucked by them, I wanted her to know what it was like to fuck someone other than me.

The second guy now took out his hard cock as well, not as big as his friends but still a nice size, he took Jayne's other hand and placed it on his prick, she grabbed it and started to wank both cocks, one in each hand. I could see the guys were getting excited as their hips started to move with her. My innocent young wife was handling two strange cocks for the first time in her life, and was obviously loving it. She was watching herself play with them as they continued to play with her pussy and tits.

One of them tried to lift her leg and place his cock between her legs, he wanted to fuck her but she wriggled and told him to stop. I heard her tell them she wasn't about to fuck with them as only her husband had made love to her before. She continued to wank them both but before they could cum for her some other people came out so they quickly put their cocks away.

Watching this I realized Jayne might look my way now that she wasn't distracted, so I walked quickly across the lawn to return to the house. Jayne was pulling her bra into place and her top back down, then they were out of sight as I stepped back into the kitchen before returning to the dining room and finding a seat. I wanted to see how Jayne would be when she came to find me. She came into the room, saw me, waved then walked up the stairs, I watched her feet as she opened the bathroom door and went in.

I went up behind her and knocked on the door asking her to open up. She was just washing her hands and looked a bit disheveled. I stood looking at her and asked what happened, she just smiled and said, 'You already know, I saw you watching me by the hedge. That's why I didn't fuck with them, I wanted to put on a bit of a show for you while you watched, it was great, knowing you were watching made me cum really hard, did you enjoy it'?

I was dumbfounded, found my voice and told her I thought it was the sexiest thing she had ever done for me. Jayne's face lit up in a big smile, 'You really didn't mind, I was a bit worried, do you want me to do it again for you'? I told her 'Yes, I would love you too'

She then told me she had lost her knickers and her cunt was naked under her skirt. 'This should give the guys something to watch when I walk down the stairs', she said. I told her to wait until I was down there so that I could watch as well, and observe the reactions of anyone who noticed.

Jayne came down the stairs slowly and several of the men watched, including the two she had been outside with, who obviously knew she had lost her panties. I don't know what the others saw but I could see plenty from my position next to the staircase, she has a little gap at the top of her legs which means she can never close them tight together, even when stood with straight legs it was easy to slip a finger into her pussy. As her skirt moved I saw little flashes of naked pussy and her lips were still wet and slightly swollen, it was instant hard-on stuff.

Once back in the room Jayne grabbed the older guy and pulled him onto the dance floor, instantly putting her arms around his neck and plastering her hot body against his, placing her legs either side of his thigh so that she could rub her pussy against him. He placed his arms around her with one arm holding her lower back into him and the other lower down so that his hand was on her ass. They started moving around together, it was more of a dry fuck than a dance as they ground against each other. I asked one of the other woman to dance and we took up similar positions, I was pretty sure she could feel my half hard cock against her leg and she responded by grinding her pussy against me. 

The hostess Sue turned the lighting down low and announced that the real party was now underway, she told everyone to enjoy themselves and make use of any of the rooms except their personnel bedroom which was out of bounds and locked. This was the point at which on every other occasion Jayne and me had left, so I was waiting to see what she would do. The lady I was dancing with pulled away and said she had to go as her husband did not want her to play, 'Pity to waste a big cock like yours, one day I will change his mind', kissed me on the cheek and went to her husband, as they left she looked over her shoulder at me and winked. Several other couples left as well leaving about 14/15 couples, three single girls and 6/8 single guys. I watched Jayne closely as she kept dancing, she looked at me and smiled, so I raised a hand to ask if we were leaving, she gave a little shake of her head and buried it back into his shoulder. 

Jayne was obviously intending to stay, I wasn't sure if she fully understood what may happen, but I wasn't going to try and persuade her to leave. I was by this time actually wanting to see her fuck with someone else, I had butterfly's in my stomach and my cock became harder at the thought, I hoped I wouldn't stop her by becoming too jealous.

I went to get another drink from the kitchen and was waylaid by Sue who wondered why I was still here, so I related what had happened to Jayne in the garden. She laughed and her eyes brightened when she asked if I thought Jayne would play fully. I had no idea and told her so. Sue then said that if she had her way Jayne would play, there are quite a few here who have wanted to get her and you involved for some time. She leant back against the kitchen worktop and pulled me in close, doing exactly what Jayne had and putting her arms around my neck.

My hands went to her waist and she lifted her face to mine, we kissed, long and hard, our tongues intertwining as we became lost in driving our hips together, my hard cock pushing into her tummy just above her pussy mound, she ground against me and groaned in appreciation as she felt my cock through her thin dress. Our kissing became more frenzied, one of my hands came up to cup her breast, surprised to find she had no bra on, her hard nipple pressing against my palm as I fondled her hard nubs. She wasn't as big as Jayne, probably 34c, but she had a toned supple body that was moving against me, grinding her hips hard into me as we stood. Sue pushed me away slightly and spun us around so that I was now leaning on the worktop, then using both hands she undid the button on my jeans and slide the zip down before opening the flaps, she then pushed both hands into my underwear and cupping my balls with one hand she grabbed my hard cock, squeezed it and rubbed up and down a couple of times, looking down to exam my prick she said, 'I am going to have that inside me at some point tonight, I want to fuck you until you make me scream', before she bent down and took the head into her mouth, giving it a quick suck before putting it back and zipping me up again. She then kissed me again and told me she had to get back to being the hostess before leaving me standing in the kitchen with the hardest cock I had ever had without fucking.

I stayed where I was as more people came in from the garden, two more couples and four more single men who I hadn't counted before. They stopped for drinks and a chat, wanting to ask about me and Jayne still being there, were we really going to join in at last, most of them saying how they had hoped we would one day. A couple of them left and the others told me how the evening usually unfolded. The guys wanting to know about Jayne, what she liked, did she suck to completion and so on, explaining that if they knew what she would and wouldn't do they could offer her pleasure without exceeding her limits, most of them surprised she was only just over 18yrs old.

When they found out her age I noticed a definite rise in the levels of interest in her, so I explained how she had been a virgin and as yet nobody else had fucked her, this being the first time she had even held a strange cock, telling them about her time in the garden and how she wanted to stay tonight after we normally left. The couple of ladies with them had noticed my hard cock when they first came in, they asked if Sue had been playing her games again? I had to tell them she had, one of them lent forwards and grabbed my still semi-hard cock and had a good feel before turning to her friends and announcing that she definitely wanted a bit of it before the night finished. I now had two woman wanting to fuck with me, and it had only been around twenty minutes since I had first arrived in the kitchen area. I noticed most of the guys had left the room leaving me with the women so I made my excuses telling them I wanted to go and find Jayne and see how she was getting on.

Walking back into the dining room I looked for her on the dance floor but couldn't see her, so went off towards the other downstairs room, the large lounge towards the front of the house set out with the comfy chairs and sofas. As I approached the door I could hear what seemed to be several people in there, stepping into the room I could see that the comfy chairs were taken, all by couples with the wives and girlfriends sitting on the men's laps. Most of them either naked or mostly undressed, some of the woman still wearing garter belts and stockings but very little else. A lot of other couples were standing together as pairs with single men scattered among them. Most were all looking across the room towards the large corner sofa unit, the only one's not looking were engaged in various sexual actions. The room was well lit, somebody had put on every wall light plus the big chandelier in the middle, so I had no trouble seeing what had their attention.

One sofa had four guys sitting on it, all naked and playing with their hard cocks, their heads turned watching the action on the other part of the corner unit. Jayne was half laying half sitting between the two guys she had been in the garden with, the older guy sitting behind her towards the far end of the sofa supporting her body in a half sitting position. The other guy was sitting towards the middle and had one of her legs over his shoulders, the other leg was spread sideways with the foot on the floor.

Sitting on the floor holding her ankle another guy gripped her knee to keep her legs spread wide apart.

Because Jayne had previously lost her knickers her very wet shaved pussy was fully on display as her little mini skirt was now also missing. She was naked from the waist down. The older guy was holding her white top up over her head so she couldn't see who was watching or doing what to her. As we all watched he undid the front clasp of her bra and pulled the straps from her shoulders, pulling it up to join her top around her head. Her big 38c tits came into full view, looking even bigger because of her young lithe body. I could see her breathing was ragged, her taut tummy trembling slightly with excitement as fingers began to play with her tits and big brown nipples, those lovely dark nubs sticking up nearly an inch and looked rock hard. As fingers brushed across her hard nipples I heard Jayne gasp and her body shook a she pushed her breasts further up towards the hands caressing them. Jayne had now been stripped naked from the neck down, but still had no idea who was doing what to her.

The guy holding her knee started to run the fingers of his other hand up along the smooth sensitive flesh of her inner thigh, stopping before he reached her pussy and using one finger he traced around her vagina lips, brushed it across her swollen clit and down the other side, making Jayne thrust her hips towards them both at that end, desperately trying to encourage then to finger her sopping wet pussy.

Everybody could see her moisture beginning to seep from between her vagina outer lips that were swollen with her excitement. The guy holding her other leg over his shoulder now used his fingers on her leg, again running them over her sensitive flesh, his fingers opening her pussy to show the room just how wet she was. I could hear her moans and gasps as her tits and pussy were being played with.

I could feel the sexual tension in the room, everybody was watching intently, wanting to see Jayne fingered and fucked but hoping they would draw it out for the audience.

Like all the men there my cock was as hard as anyone's, probably even harder, as I watched my young wife being prepared for what was obviously going to be the fucking of her life, by what would seem to be most of the men present. Just then someone called my name, it was Sue sitting with her husband Danny, she was sideways on his lap, completely naked with his hard cock sticking up between her legs.

She was playing with her nipple with one hand and the other was slowly wanking Danny's cock as she rubbed her clit against it. She stopped long enough to wave me over, so I moved around the room to join them until I was standing next to their chair. Sue brought a hand up and fondled my hard cock through my jeans, looking up at me she commented on the fact my cock was really hard so I obviously

had no problem watching Jayne being stripped and played with. I agreed with her, adding that I wanted to see her being fucked to bring a fantasy to life for me. Sue then told me that she had earlier tried to get Jayne naked so that Sue could play with her before the guys became involved but Jayne had refused telling Sue she had never been touched by another woman and didn't want too right then. Sue had then conspired with the men present to get Jayne involved with a group of guys, it had taken about 20 minutes to get to this stage where Jayne was now being fondled and aroused which is why everybody was watching to see what would happen. They were deliberately keeping her top covering her head so that she would have no idea who was touching her at any one time.

I realized that this could be an opportunity to play to one of Jayne's favorite things. Soon after we first started having regular sex Jayne would ask me to hold her arms above her head while I fucked her and to suck and nibble her nipples at the same time. When I asked why she admitted that she liked the feeling of not being in control, of being held down while being fucked hard, this had graduated to me often using some soft rope we acquired and tying her wrists to the top of the bed and then teasing her, bringing her close to orgasm before I fucked her hard and fast. It always made her have huge orgasms.

I told Sue about this and she gave me a big grin. Telling us to wait she left the room, returning a few minutes later dangling a pair of leather wrist cuffs from one hand, they were joined together by a leather strap about 6 inches long. Putting a finger to her lips to tell everyone not to say a word she walked across to the sofa area, still naked and swinging her hips as she went. Bending over to flash her pussy at us she leaned in and whispered to the older guy playing with Jayne's tits and holding her top in place at the same time. He laid her further down across his lap, making Jayne arch her back by pulling her arms further over her head. This of course had the effect of pushing her firm 38c tits up, the big brown nipples standing erect ready to be sucked and nibbled, holding her arms in place so that Sue could buckle the straps around Jayne's wrists. I waited to see if she would object, but just then one of the guys pushed two fingers into her wet cunt, all we heard was a low moan escape from Jayne's lips as his thumb came into contact with her engorged clit. The two guys playing with her pussy then used their fingers to open her vagina showing everyone just how wet she was, they then pulled back on her clit hood, opening it up as well and making her red clit pop out exposing it to the air and the people watching. My cock was now rock hard and I had to open my jeans to release it from its confines as it was by now almost painful with the blood pumping into the shaft and head. I stood there watching the scene before me, playing with my cock, wanking it slowly. Looking around I was not the only guy doing exactly the same thing, and a lot of the women were either helping them or playing with their own pussies as they watched as well.

This was turning into a sex show with Jayne at the center, they now had her with her wrists cuffed, arms stretched above her head being held by Sue but her face still covered. The top of her body was arched across one guys lap, her tits thrust right up in the air, the nipples hard and erect as he sucked and bit gently on them. Her right leg was hooked up on the back of the sofa, being held in place by another guy who was kneeling between her open thighs. Her left leg was being held down towards the floor, her legs being held as wide apart as possible with her hips just on the sofa's edge, making her pussy mound thrust upwards , her pussy and clit hood being opened up while the guy between her thighs was finger fucking her. Jayne was moaning and gasping, thrusting her hips towards the fingers fucking her, bucking her hips as best she could. It was obvious to everyone that having her wrists cuffed and her arms held was turning her on to the point where she would now orgasm very quickly.

A woman's voice called out, 'Come on guys, the girl needs fucking right now, get yourselves ready and remember just three minutes each first time around'. This was news to me and I looked at Danny to see what was going on. He explained that when Jayne had not wanted to play with Sue and a couple of the other woman they had concocted a plan that they would get her to this point, then every guy there would get three minutes of fucking her. Obviously most of them would not cum in that time, but a few probably would as they would have been brought close by some of the other girls. Once Jayne had been initiated by every guy there she was free to fuck with whoever she wanted too. 

The thought of Jayne being fucked by something more than 25 guys one after the other blew my mind, alright it was only for 3 minutes each but that was still a lot of fucking for a young 18yr old girl to take.

I almost called a halt, but at that moment the first guy pushed his hard cock into my wife. Jayne reacted immediately, everybody heard her loud moans as her body started to undulate in unison with him, fucking right back at him as he plunged in and out of her wet pussy. Within a couple of minutes she had her first orgasm from fucking with a cock other than mine, her screams of ecstasy letting us all know that there would be no turning back from this point.

Sue now pulled her top and bra up to her tied wrists allowing Jayne to see who was doing what to her, but Sue still kept her arms in place and Jayne looked across the room to where I stood slowly wanking and waiting for my turn with her. I don't know if she really saw me or just saw everyone watching and the guys arranging themselves in some sort of order ready to fuck her but her reaction to seeing all those hard cocks and naked men and women was to buck her hips even harder to try and make the guy cum for her. He didn't but his time was up, he pulled out and the next in line took his place, pushing his hard cock straight into her ready and willing body. By now other guys were helping to hold her, taking turns to suck her hard nipples, quite a few also biting and nibbling on them, others were also running hands over her body, playing with her hard clit as she was being fucked. Fingers running over her taut tummy as her hips undulated. Sue had left them too it, different guys holding her arms in place as she was gang-banged. I lost count of how many guys fucked her, she orgasmed many times, she sucked loads of different cocks, some of the guys cum inside of her, some of them cum in her mouth, some cum over her tits and bodies, but all of them stuck with the plan of a maximum 3 minutes of actual fucking her pussy at any one time. I was pretty sure that some of them came around for a second go.

When I got my turn I could see her pussy was open, spunk was running out of her and dribbling down between her ass cheeks, it looked to me as if her ass had also taken some fingering as well, I could see signs that it was slightly open as well. As I placed my cock at the entrance to her well used pussy she took the cock she was sucking out of her mouth, then told me to fuck her as hard as I could, to make her cum before I finished. At her words I plunged as hard and deep as I could into her willing body, my cock only coming to a halt only when my pubic hair crashed into her red swollen and tender clit. Jayne cried out and grasped onto the two cocks she was holding in each hand, I bent my head to suck a hard nipple into my mouth, biting down on it and sucking as Jayne bucked her body beneath me. I knew from experience that she was about to orgasm very soon and increased my thrusts into her, making sure that when I was right inside of her, grinding my pubic hair against her clit as she screamed out yet another orgasm. This made my balls tighten and I increased my pace, my cock swelling as my own orgasm stated to swell in my balls, I could feel all of my previous playing and watching building up into a tremendous outpouring of cum. I exploded into my young wife's pussy, my cum hitting hard into her pussy as she gripped my cock with her vagina walls giving me a great feeling of tightness as I fucked her as deeply as I could. As I slowly subsided and fell across Jayne she whispered in my ear, telling me she couldn't believe what was happening, but she wanted it to carry on, and I should go and enjoy myself with some of the others.

I sat back and slowly pulled my still semi-hard cock out of my wife, vacating her well used pussy for the next guy. As I moved away she was already being fucked again, her willing body adjusting to move under the next hard cock. Her mouth was opening ready for her to suck another cock, I watched as it slid between her lips, taking a good amount into her mouth before it was pulled out and he started fucking her mouth at the same time. I went off to find some action elsewhere.

During that night I fucked with several other women, obviously not cumming with them all, there are limits to any mans ability to orgasm, but there are many ways to satisfy a lady who wants to cum, beside fucking her. That night I learned a truth, that most woman are capable of fucking with many guys and having orgasms with them, far more than any single man can. I went back to check on Jayne a few times. She had been released from her cuffs and seemed to be in different positions with different guys each time. I also noticed that she had also been fucked in her ass at some point, when I looked her ass ring was open and had cum in it.

The bigger surprise happened when I went to find her one time and she had moved rooms, I eventually found her on a big double bed. They had tied her spreadeagled on the bed with Sue and another older girl kneeling either side of her. I had obviously arrived just after they had finished tying her, she had a blindfold made from a silk scarf around her eyes. I guessed she had been tied by the guys standing around watching, and was obviously expecting to be fucked by them in one of her favorite fantasies of being helpless to stop them doing anything they wanted to her. 

Because of the blindfold Jayne had no idea who was doing what to her, so the two girls lent forward and started to suck her nipples and run their hands over her body. At the first contact Jayne gave a quick intake of breath at the unexpected touch, but quickly relaxed. As the girls continued to suck and fondle her tits, they let their hands wander down her tummy and over her pubic mound, giving the little patch of hair small tugs as they went. Not touching her pussy their hands started to explore her inner thighs, running their hands down to her knees and back up again, just brushing past her wet open pussy without actually touching it. Jayne was now breathing hard in small gasps of pleasure as each new sensation ran through her raw nerve ends to her brain, causing her to wriggle away from the erotic touches that were threatening to overwhelm her already heightened senses. The scene before us watchers was as erotic and sensual as any we had seen before, Jayne's squirming making it look like she was trying to escape her bonds to stop the exquisite torture they were putting her through.

After a few minutes the girls progressed their touches to actually making contact with Jayne's outer pussy lips, they looked red and swollen from all the use her willing cunt had taken. Her vagina was almost pulsing, it was actually opening up like a flower in bloom as her vaginal muscles contracted and released with the feelings running through it, small amounts of seminal fluid from her previous fucking's mixed with her own juices and were leaking out as her pussy pulsed. Sue now moved around and knelt between Jayne's wide spread legs before bending forwards with her ass in the air. Sue started to kiss around Jayne's pussy mound, letting her mouth progress slowly down towards her pussy as

Jayne's breath started to come in small gasps of pure pleasure, the other girl continued working on her nipples and breasts, squeezing and fondling the soft orbs, pinching and pulling at her long erect dark brown nipples as she started to kiss and nibble at Jayne's neck and ear. The result of all of this stimulation was like an electric shock on Jayne's body, she was thrusting her hips up, trying desperately to get Sue's fingers deeper inside of her. Her gasps of pleasure were coming closer and closer together and her body began to shake slightly as yet another orgasm started to build in her. I was amazed, after all the cock she had already had fucking her I thought that another orgasm would have been out of reach, but it appeared that my young bride was currently on a never ending cycle of sexual ecstasy and debauchery.

Sue now bent her head further and started to lick at Jayne's clit, sucking it into her mouth, then pulling back, still sucking hard and extending that swollen bud before it popped out to return back to its little hiding place in her pussy. Sue kept up her sweet torture of Jayne's clit until Jayne lost complete control, going into a huge orgasm, her body arching up off the bed, contractions running through her taut frame as wave after wave of pure pleasure surged through her young body, screaming her ecstasy for everyone to hear and appreciate. As she slowly subsided back onto the bed with small shudders still running through her they removed her blindfold so that she could look around. I watched as she noticed the guys standing watching, then she looked down the length of her body, seeing for the first time the girl sucking her nipple. Her eyes traveled lower to where Sue was still sucking and licking her pussy, the sudden realization that it was a woman who had just brought her to orgasm made her eyes widen. Jayne let her head fall back on the bed and gasped out, 'Oh God, Oh God, that was so good, it was incredible, I can't believe it'. 

I quickly got behind Sue, her pussy was very, very wet and open, ripe for fucking. Placing my hard cock at the entrance I slowly wiped it up and down to gather some liquid and then started to push the head into that willing cunt. Sue reacted by looking back at me, then gave me a wicked grin before arching her back and pushing back towards me to encourage me to start fucking her. I began with long steady strokes, slowly building up the speed and pressure to the point were I was pulling out almost the full length before plunging back in until my pubic bone crashed against her body, the full 9 inches was fully embedded into her body. Sue responded by pushing back just as hard, all thoughts of licking Jayne's pussy now forgotten as she started to tighten her muscles around my plunging weapon. Someone had placed a pillow behind Jayne's head so that she could watch me fucking Sue between her spread thighs and at the same time watch her nipples being sucked and nibbled.

The sensations from fucking Sue began to run through my body, I knew Sue was close as well, her pussy was clenching my cock harder and harder as her own orgasm also built. Together we started fucking each other harder and harder, I could watch my cock plunging into her cunt as we fucked, she had one hand between her legs frigging her clit with frantic motions as she reached her climax, her pussy convulsing and squeezing down on my prick as her body shook and she cried out in full voice as her orgasm ripped through her body. Hearing and seeing this, added to the clutching and contracting of her pussy, brought my climax on as well, crying out and thrusting my cock hard into her before releasing my hot cum as deeply as possible inside of her body. As we subsided we collapsed across Jayne's spread thighs and body, all three of us exhausted from our exertions. 

When I looked around there were a lot of hard cocks on display, so we quickly untied Jayne and then the three girls, Sue, Jayne and Anne (I found out her name later) all laid side by side across the bed, their legs raised inviting the guys to fuck them. They had plenty of takers and as I stood back all three of them were being fucked at the same time. Other guys had gone around to the other side of the bed and the girls were all happily sucking and wanking cocks as well. I watched my lovely Jayne as she performed yet again, my mind wondering just what sort of beast had I unleashed within her, given all the sex she had had already I was amazed she was still willing to take more.

We finally left to go home at 11am the next day, both of us exhausted but in a happy sexual daze from everything we had experienced. We were both fairly quiet in the taxi but when we arrived home we raced to our bedroom and started fucking each other in a frenzy of lust at what we had done. Laying totally spent afterwards we spent hours talking it through, constantly interrupted by playing with each other as particular memories surfaced and our bodies responded. We were in fact over-stimulated and just couldn't have controlled what we were doing even if we had wanted to. The best parts being when we told each other what we had seen when the other one was fucking or being fucked. Jayne had no idea that she had effectively fucked with close to thirty different guys, a lot of them more than once.

The session with the two girls had changed her mind about having sex with other women as well, she defiantly wanted to try that again. We finally showered before falling into an exhausted sleep.

Jayne had released her inner slut and we had many occasions when we had adventures, from gang-bangs to swapping with other couples, to showing off her incredible body by flashing to other men and woman. She took to sunbathing topless both in our garden and on beaches, she even posed for a local camera club, but that's another story if anyone would like to hear about it. I still have the resulting images and they are good to look at.

We did go to other parties to indulge ourselves many times over the 11yrs we were married. Our marriage ended because my work kept me away from home for longer and longer periods. Jayne simply got fed-up with dealing with the home and our two kids on her own, we parted as friends and still see each other occasionally.
