---
title: Sharing A Nympho
---
"Come on Zoey! I'm sure you can fit in another." The man cheered on as he watched one of his friends move over to join in on the fun he was watching. With her hands tied firmly behind her back she couldn't move much, going where ever she was pulled or pushed to by the three other men in the room. Zoey, currently the only girl in the room was bending over the side of the couch, her feet flat on the floor and slightly apart. The dark haired man behind her was taking her hard, his hips thrusting forward steadily as his lap slammed against her ass. His cock sunk into her over and over again, one hand on the small of her back and another hand roughly gripping her head and pinning it down against the seat of the couch.

She was completely stripped of clothing and panting hotly, the glistening of her skin and the splatters of white fluid on her legs made it was obvious they had been at it a while. Her legs trembled a bit as she let out a small moan into the cushion, her hands flexing a bit and she almost lustfully pushed back into the man's thrust. After a few more moments Zoey came, not the first one of the day and certainly not the last although it was hardly noticed as the man didn't stop. Panting more heavily now as her whole body was flooded with pleasure, she suddenly felt the hand on the back of her head disappear.

It took her a moment before she finally found the strength to lift her head, only to be rewarded with a pair of hands gripping either side of her head. The blond haired male had moved onto the couch in front of her without her even noticing and he held onto her head firmly as he shuffled up in front of her. Sitting up on his knees with her bent over the side of the couch was the perfect height, a fresh 8 inches of meat in front of her face and rubbing warmly against her lips and panting tongue.

He moved forward a bit and used his hips, Zoey closing her eyes as she surrendered control as she focused on the taste and feeling of her mouth being filled. Both of them soon got into a rhythm, thrusting back and forth as they skewered her. Her body rocked with each thrust and her breasts swayed, her inner walls clamping around the man behind her while she sucked on the cock invading her mouth. At this point it was almost a trance like state, her moans being muffled by the blond as his length thrusted along her tongue, not going too deep as it danced at the tip of her throat before pulling back. He wasn't close enough to push into her throat without straining his hips and arching his back, only giving Zoey half of his size to enjoy.

The man behind her was grabbing her hips now, using them as hand holds so he could thrust harder and deeper into her, but he was also starting to lift them up. It was making her back arch a little and soon only her toes were touching the ground, feeling him thrusting up into her now at a different angle. The pleasure was new, his cock hitting her insides now and teasingly sliding just below her clit. She was starting to shiver in pleasure again, her legs trembling as she wondered if already she was getting close.

The distraction of pleasure along with her hips being lifted made her completely forget herself, only realizing she was slipping forward when it was too late. With no hands to stop herself she found herself slipping forward, not by much but just enough for the blonde's cock to bump against her throat. She gagged at the unexpected pleasure but suddenly he went slow, pushing up against it again and after a moment she swallowed obediently. It sent a weird shiver down her spine, feeling her throat start to open up as his thrusting continued. His knees shuffled forward just that last bit and soon he was fitting fully inside her mouth now, the hilt of his cock up against her lips.

It was about half and half, half of his size in her mouth while the other half had no other place to go other than her throat. It was a strange pleasant feeling now that her gag reflex seemed to die down. Feeling something hot and wet fill her throat, sliding along the tight walls of her throat and filling up a space she didn't know needed to be filled. Sucking again and letting her tongue dance around whatever she could reach as her face bumped up against his crotch repeatedly.

She slowly started to feel her climax coming along and hearing the men's moans get louder, she might finally get the reward she was looking for. Thrusting and bucking, her throat and slit behind fucked in perfect rhythm to each other to make her rock back and forth she started to tense up. Her groin filled with pleasure and it soon exploded as she came again, the pleasure washing out through the rest of her body and suddenly the men did the same.

Pushing up against her hard on both sides, her head was pushed hard into the blonde's lap, her face buried into his skin as his cock pushed as deep as it could into her throat. After a climax as needed to breath but with his length in his mouth, she was only sucking on his cock, her throat gulping and sucking him down. The feeling of thick hot fluids pumping down into her throat made her feel warm, just like the cum being pumped into her from behind did. The climax from both of them lasted a few seconds before slowly they both pulled back, the man behind stepping away completely while the blond took his time.

His cock pulled out incredibly slowly, every bump of her tongue and inch of her throat pulling and dragging back against his cock until it finally pulled just out of her throat. She gasped heavily, getting air again and suddenly her body seemed to jump to life, her stomach heaving as she panting and breathed hard, the blonde's cock simply resting in her mouth and dripping out a last few drops of cum onto her tongue. It took a few seconds but she slowly opened her eyes, looking up at the blond and he grinned down at her.

"Come on, let's swap things up, I'm sure she can take three at a time." The man sitting by said as he got up, brushing brown locks away from his eyes as he made his way over. The cock left her mouth and she felt herself being grabbed by multiple hands, gasping as she was lifted up off the couch. She didn't go far, simply being turned over and plopped back onto the couch, on her back and on top of her hands. Wincing a bit she squirmed, letting her tied up hands and arms slip warmly between the couch cushions which made it much more comfortable to lay on her back.

The men started to take positions, the dark haired one staying between her legs as he seemed very happy filling that hole with cum over and over again. Already he was wrapping her legs around his hips and letting his still hard cock rub between her thighs and up against her clit. It made her shiver as she was teased, panting a bit as the blonde straddled her stomach and grabbed at her boobs.

"I think I'll be using these, they're big enough and it would be quite a sight to explode up and over your pretty little face, hmm Zoey?" She hardly had a chance to reply before her head was tilted back, the brown haired male having taken up position behind her and with her head tilted back, his cock didn't hesitate to push into her mouth. She let out a muffled complaint, feeling weird to have her head tilted back and his cock up side down in her mouth. Those problems all went away as he pushed into her throat, like this her mouth and throat were aligned and easy to push into, not even having to swallow as he simply pushed in all the way.

With his hilt pressed up against her mouth she sucked, gulped and started to enjoy the fresh taste while the other two started to push in as well. Soon she felt a cock pushing into her slit, her legs spreading apart as their groins pushed together, his entire length pushing in before he started to thrust. Her breasts were sensitive and feeling them be squeezed together and a warm wet cock push up between them made her tingle with pleasure. His hands almost massaged her breasts as he started to thrust between them, the tip of his cock bumping her chin lightly while his cock slid back and forth between her soft mounds.

"Mf." With so many hands on her body and cocks in her she was feeling hot, her breasts tingling and being massaged around one while her groin was being pounded with another. Despite all the pleasure the one in her mouth had most of her attention, it was hard to not think about it as her throat expanded with each thrust, fitting him perfectly as she could even feel him throbbing. She gasped for air whenever she could but most of it was moans of pure pleasure, her eyes rolling up into the back of her head before she simply just closed them.

Being on her back meant she wasn't rocking back and forth like before, especially with the blond on her stomach keeping her pinned so he could fuck her breasts. But she was still moving around, still squirming in pleasure as she wrapped her legs around the man's back, her ankles crossing over as she tried to urge him into going harder. He didn't hesitate, taking the hint as he started to buck and pound into her, her legs bouncing against his hips as he started fucking her hard.

The other two felt him starting to go harder and they soon followed, Zoey letting out a whimper of pleasure as she was soon being face fucked. His cock went in and out of her throat, only catching small breaths before his cock filled her throat for a few seconds to grind back and forth. Her breasts were starting to heat up from the friction and she could even feel a little wetness on her collar bone, maybe pre-cum from how it felt but it was hard to tell. Her breasts were squeezed firmly together now, his cock rubbing between their pillow like surface.

Suddenly everyone exploded at once, feeling her groin throb with pleasure as it was once again being filled with cum but the cock in her throat was pulling out. Mid climax it pulled out, cum splattering into her mouth before disappearing from her touch. She quickly found it again as cum splattered onto her face, gasping happily as cum splattered from above and below. The blond between her breasts had his groin right up against the underside of her breasts, grinding against her happily as thick ropes of cum landed and decorate her face. Thick strands connected the two cocks to her face, most of it on her face but she happily licked up anything that landed near her mouth.

Slowly things died down, everyone panting but things seemed muffled, Zoey's eyes staying closed as the heat and pleasure from her body faded away. With the mask of pleasure gone, her body felt sore from just how exhausted she was, feeling herself starting to fall asleep as the males chuckled down at her. "It's okay, we'll try not to wake you up and you'll wake up feeling nice and filled..."
