---
title: Bar Scene
---
Michelle was a quality manager for a manufacturing company. She had not had sex with her husband in a very long time, and she was very horny. Her body was hot; she had long sexy legs, worked out all the time, and kept herself tanned. She often traveled with her husband to her son’s hockey games in St Louis. They found themselves in St Louis and decided to go to a local bar. They walked into the bar and immediately noticed that the bar was all black guys. Michelle was scared, but her husband said live a little and let’s have a drink. There was a group of 4 guys playing pool. They were all black and very athletically built; all over 6 foot tall. The bartender came to Michelle and Kevin and said that the guys bought them a round of drinks. A little while later one of the guys came over to introduce himself as Tony. Michelle said hi. The guy asked if she wanted to dance. At first, she was a little worried, but decided it was okay. Tony took her out on the dance floor to a slow song. It was not long and they were dancing close. Tony was grabbing her ass, and it felt good to her. The drinks might have been having an effect on her she thought as she could feel a slight tingle as his hands found their way to her breast. He began to caress them, and she started to moan. Michelle was feeling very hot. 

The dance ended, and Tony went over to Kevin. He asked if they wanted to try some weed. Kevin said sure. Kevin had long fantasized about seeing his wife with other men, and this was too good to be true. He wanted to see if this would work on her. He could tell she was getting into it. Michelle was hesitant at first, but she decided to take a smoke. She immediately felt the effects, as she could feel herself getting horny. Tony came over and gave her a kiss, working his tongue into her mouth as he kissed her deeply. Michelle could feel her pussy juices flowing, and she wanted to leave and just fuck her husband. She walked over to Kevin and said let’s go, I need you inside me now. Let’s go to the hotel. Kevin said, no let’s just have some more weed and more to drink. Michelle went over to sit on a bar stool and sip her drink. Tony came over and gave her the pipe for another smoke. She inhaled a big smoke on the pipe, and it made her even more horny. Tony could see the affect the weed was having, so he went over to Michelle and slowly began kissing her and touching her breasts. He had her shirt open and everyone could see her exposed tits. Michelle resisted and said everyone is watching. Tony kept going. His hand went lower down to her stomach and lower still. He fount her cunt lips and started to work his finger inside her cunt. Michelle was gasping and started to quiver in her orgasm. Tony stopped, and she said please do not stop. did not resist and started to moan loudly. This gave Tony an idea. 

He asked if Kevin wanted to play a game of pool. Kevin said sure. Tony said the rules were that he and Kevin would play. If Tony won, then he would get to have fun with Kevin’s wife; if Kevin won, then he could do the same with his wife (who was at the bar and looked very attractive). They played eight ball. Kevin also said that how many balls were left on the table was how many guys would be able to join in on the fun. Kevin looked at Michelle, and she did not seem to be opposed to what Tony proposed.

Kevin and Tony played. Kevin went first, and knocked in several balls but then missed. Tony said to Michelle to get ready for some real fun. Michelle twisted on her stool, but she could feel herself getting wet at the thought of what Tony meant. Tony cleared the table, including the eight ball. There were 4 balls of Kevin’s left on the table. Tony signaled to the other 3 guys and they immediately grabbed Michelle and threw her up on the pool table. The bartender was watching and went to the door to lock it, so nobody could get in or out. 

Michelle was struggling against the 4 black guys who were now holding her down, and taking her skirt and skirt off. She was writhing on the pool table as all of her clothes were now off; she was only wearing the slut anklet that she came in with as well as her high heels now. Tony was between her legs and started to lick her pussy, as the other guys held her legs open and arms down. Michelle was moaning loudly now, unable to control what she was feeling. She could feel an orgasm was coming. She yelled out OMG, this is going to make me cum! Fuck yeah! Someone fuck me please! The other guys began stripping as well as Tony. Michelle looked at them as they stripped, and she was awed at the size of them. All of them were 8 inches, with one of them at 10 inches. Tony lined up first at her pussy. He entered her with his big cock slowly, and Michelle was breathing in heavy bursts, grunting and moaning. Tony began to fuck her hard, as Michelle wrapped her legs around him. Kevin was watching as her back arched and she was sweating from the hard fucking she was getting. The bar filled with her screams as she came on his cock. She screamed over and over again. In the bar light, Kevin could see her sexy anklet glisten as her legs kept up with the pounding she was getting. Tony started to tense and said he was cumming. The other guys were holding her by the ankles now while she was getting pounded on the pool table. Michelle could feel his cum fill her pussy up.

After Tony was finished, Michelle looked at the other guys and crooked her finger to indicate she was ready for them. One of the guys laid down on the table, and Michelle got on top of his 10 inch cock. It went in with ease with all of the cum in her pussy. He fucked her slowly, while another guy worked his way behind Michelle. This guy spit on his big dick and started to slowly put it in Michelle’s virgin ass. Michelle cried out as this hurt. She screamed no please no! She looked at her husband with that slutty look of hers and smiled. The big black guy continued to fuck her in the ass, with the other guy gaining a pace where one went into her pussy as the guy in her ass pulled out. This made Michelle crazy, and she began to orgasm violently screaming fuck me hard! She could not believe how great it felt to be fucked in the ass and pussy by these two big black cocks. The two guys started to groan and cum as well into her pussy and ass. 

Now, there were other black guys that were watching this, and they wanted to join in on the fun. Michelle watched as she was rolled on her back. One guy began to fuck her pussy, while she sucked the other guy. The other guys held her by her sexy ankles, holding her legs apart. Both guys were pumping her pussy and mouth hard. One guy began to groan, and he sprayed her face with cum, while the guy in her pussy kept fucking her so hard. Kevin watched her get fucked while her face was full of cum. He could not help but think how sexy it looked to see her beautiful face full of cum while she was jerking as the other guy pumped her pussy. He knew he would be jacking off to this scene for a very long time to come, as he was capturing all of the video with his phone.
