---
title: Sharing Her With Three Friends
---
A few years ago I dated this beautiful Guamanian chick Named Val. If you're familiar with female Asian porn stars, try to imagine Lucy Thai, Krissie Dee, or an Adriana Luna. She was about 5'1, 110lbs, 36d tits, looked like an island beauty, could've easily pass for one of those Asian import models you see at a car show. I'm a black male 5'9, 165lbs, consider myself to be fairly handsome, in good shape. I take care of myself & not too sound too overly confident, but I've been told I have a very nice dick.

My friend owned a mobile home, similar to the round aluminum looking Streamlines. Parked on the side of his house, it was me, her and three of my friends partying, hanging out late into the early morning. With her looking the way she was, surrounded by the four of us late at night is going to inevitably lead to her getting fucked. We'd dated almost about two years at this point. and have already enjoyed sharing her in several threesomes. The first time was with one of the guys in "this" group of four. Three other times were with two other close friends of mine, with one of them getting the chance having a second threesome with me, fucking her. Also had the good fortune of fucking her in a FFM threesome, with sexy white girl I dated, off & on, prior to "us" dating. 

On this particular night, she's wearing a short grey tennis skirt that extends mid thigh, some cute stripe knee high socks. Tight little pair of black booty shorts on her cute petite ass. Black & pink stripe thong panties that matched her socks, black tank top that had you concentrating on her tits at anytime & was wearing her hair in twin pony tails. She was 25 years old, with a pussy that had to be as tight as it was when she was 18. I got off on how hot she looked around my friends & when they'd check her out whenever she'd move around & about. We had been drinking, smoking weed. Another friend of mine had an 8-ball of coke, which we all had a good time doing lines of. Listening to music, having a good time. 

There's a little fold out couch that she & I we're sitting on, watching a porno of a chick blowing a guys dick, on her way to blowing several, eventually leading to her getting gang banged. I'm rubbing on my girlfriends pussy through her shorts, lightly pinching on her tits & caressing them. Teasing her, warming her up as my friends watch. I asked her to take off her shorts, so now she'd just be wearing her thong underneath her skirt. After she stood & slowly took them off, she climbed back on the couch, bent over in a doggy style position. Without having to asked her to do so, she takes my dick out as I'm laying on my back and starts to suck on it as my friends watched. I could sense my friends getting turned on. At times I'd look around while I rubbed on her ass or placed my hands on top of her head forcing her head further down on my dick, I'd see them rubbing their dicks through their pants. She had her back arched & nicely shaved little pussy exposed, pulling her thong to the side as I finger fucked her. 

After several minutes of her sucking my dick, I asked my friends if they'd like to have their dicks sucked. I had Val get on her knees & suck us all as we stood over her. I still get turned on til this day thinking about how gorgeous she looked in the middle of us four, sucking dicks, in this camper, dimly lit by the porno making slurping noises, the spit trickling down her tits, as she alternated between four dicks. We'd reach down, rub on her pussy, lightly smack her on the ass. There was a couple of moments, I'd stand back, go over to the table, do a "bump", take a shot of whiskey, purposely taking my time getting back to the action. Getting turned on by the sites & sounds of watching my girl suck off my three friends.

About an half hour of her sucking our dicks, we moved to the back of the camper where there's a bed. She takes off her skirt, having on just the panties, socks, & tank top. Her tits now pulled out over her top. She laid down & had her pussy eaten, teased, & fingered by us all, while she jerked & sucked on us. I'd be the first to slide my dick in my girl, fucking her on her back, legs spread wide open, titties bouncing & being sucked on, grabbed & squeezed. Watching my friends put their dicks in her mouth, stroking the others that weren't occupied by her mouth. The look on her beautiful face, her eyes rolling in the back of her head while she moaned & would cum all over on our dicks. She knew how turned on and how hot this was all for me, and would look at me specifically whenever she had a dick fucking her from behind and my dick in her mouth, or laying on her back with her legs spread wide open jerking off two dicks, while one fucked her mouth & another her pussy. 

When it was time for one of us (guys) too cum, they would pull out & come on her tits. One friend came right above her pussy, which was a "shocker", but rather fucking hot, watching another man cum on my girl so close to her pussy. When ever I'd bust my nut, I'd send it down her throat. Between the guys, we'd cum at least twice, as for multiple times herself. Two of my buddies had to take off. It was around 4am and it was just me, her, & my other friend who's house & camper we're in. The three of us took a quick time out too refresh. She showered up & my friend gave her a t-shirt too wear & she had her little shorts too put on. Grabbed some water & fruit from the kitchen inside. The three of us went back inside the camper & continued having fun. Got back in the bed with her, snuggled between him & I. Rolled a joint & smoked it while we watched some more porn. Did some more lines & fucked her more until the afternoon...
